Buy in this video we are going to talk about the parameters for Phasee action and for these cascade
classifier as we have discussed earlier we have these cascade classify or detax multi scale and we just
specify the gray image and we came to the conclusion that OK sometimes it works fine that sometimes
it does not.
And that's why we have to tune the perimeter.
And there are several parameters for the pack.
With the scale matter or function.
And first of all the most important one is the so-called scale factor since some faces may be closer
to the camera they would appear bigger than our faces in the background and a scale factor compensates
for this a fact.
So specifying added the scale factor specifies how much the image size is use at each image scale.
So the model has a fixed sized defined doing the training in a so-called Haret cascade frontal face.
That X-amount we have discussed in the previous video.
MRL parameters and by rescaling the input image you can resize a larger face the smaller one making
it detectable by the algorithm.
So that's why the scale factor is very important.
The value has to be greater than one.
So the standard value is between 1 and 1 to 1 4 so this is the standard region.
If it's small of course it has to be greater than 1 as I said earlier.
But if it's small the algorithm will be slow Zane's it is more sorrow if it's high.
The algorithm will be faster but with the risk of missing some faces altogether.
So if there are some undetected faces then we should reduce the scale factor.
We have some other paramita such as the main neighbors.
It defines the minimum neighbor as the name suggests so specifying how many neighbors each candidate's
weak tangles should have to retain it.
This cascade classified allow freedom works.
It goes from left to right step by step and we have all this main neighbor we specify that how many
rectangles should have to be painted and a value interval is from 3 to 6.
The higher the values the lads the actions they are but with higher quality.
So maybe we should too sometimes the mean neighbor has perimeters.
The flag stands for it's kind of a hairy stick which reject some image regions that contain too few
or too much edges and thus cannot contain the search object.
And if we know it we can skip it without further iterations.
So it's kind of how restack It's like pruning a tree that we are familiar with again these chests and
genes and so on.
But it's kind of a hairy stick we prune and we get rid of things that that we are sure that it's not
going to be a face.
And why is it gold because Uralic them will be faster.
And we have the minimum size and the maximum size them in size they find are the objects smaller than
a dam.
This means size will be ignored.
So we can find one of the smallest objects we want to recognize.
I think the standard is 30 by 30.
And of course we have a maximum size.
So objects larger than the maximum size will be ignored.
So if we have resample faces huge faces then we should consider that the maximum size should be tuned
and so on.
If we have very little face as he wanted the on our images then we should use the minimum size to be
able to detect it.
So these are the most important factors and parameters.
Thanks for watching.